and the children of Israel according to
and the children of Israel according to their number the heads of fathers houses
their number the heads of fathers houses
their number the heads of fathers houses the captains of thousands and hundreds
the captains of thousands and hundreds
the captains of thousands and hundreds and their officers serve the king in
and their officers serve the king in
and their officers serve the king in every matter of the military divisions
every matter of the military divisions
every matter of the military divisions these divisions came in and went out
these divisions came in and went out
these divisions came in and went out month by month throughout all the months
month by month throughout all the months
month by month throughout all the months of the year each division having 24,000
of the year each division having 24,000
of the year each division having 24,000 over the first division for the first
over the first division for the first
over the first division for the first month was Jacobean the son of zabdiel
month was Jacobean the son of zabdiel
month was Jacobean the son of zabdiel and in his division but 24,000 he was of
and in his division but 24,000 he was of
and in his division but 24,000 he was of the children of pirates and the chief of
the children of pirates and the chief of
the children of pirates and the chief of all the captains of the army for the
all the captains of the army for the
all the captains of the army for the first month over the division of the
first month over the division of the
first month over the division of the second month was dota and a whole height
second month was dota and a whole height
second month was dota and a whole height and of his division Nick laughs also was
and of his division Nick laughs also was
and of his division Nick laughs also was the leader in his division were 24,000
the leader in his division were 24,000
the leader in his division were 24,000 the third captain of the army for the
the third captain of the army for the
the third captain of the army for the third month was benign the son of
third month was benign the son of
third month was benign the son of jehoiada the priest who was chief in his
jehoiada the priest who was chief in his
jehoiada the priest who was chief in his division were 24,000 this was the
division were 24,000 this was the
division were 24,000 this was the benaiah who was mighty among the
benaiah who was mighty among the
benaiah who was mighty among the thirteen and was over the thirty in his
thirteen and was over the thirty in his
thirteen and was over the thirty in his division was a miserable his son the
division was a miserable his son the
division was a miserable his son the fourth captain for the fourth month was
fourth captain for the fourth month was
fourth captain for the fourth month was a Sahel the brother of joy and zebediah
a Sahel the brother of joy and zebediah
a Sahel the brother of joy and zebediah his son after him in his division were
his son after him in his division were
his son after him in his division were 24,000 the fifth captain for the fifth
24,000 the fifth captain for the fifth
24,000 the fifth captain for the fifth month were shampoo 'the the israelite in
month were shampoo 'the the israelite in
month were shampoo 'the the israelite in his division were 24,000
his division were 24,000
his division were 24,000 the six captain for the sixth month was
the six captain for the sixth month was
the six captain for the sixth month was IRA the son of a Kish the tea correct in
IRA the son of a Kish the tea correct in
IRA the son of a Kish the tea correct in his division were 24,000 the sudden
his division were 24,000 the sudden
his division were 24,000 the sudden captain for the seventh month was Hellas
captain for the seventh month was Hellas
captain for the seventh month was Hellas the pillar night of the children of
the pillar night of the children of
the pillar night of the children of Ephraim in his division were 24,000 the
Ephraim in his division were 24,000 the
Ephraim in his division were 24,000 the eighth captain for the eighth month was
eighth captain for the eighth month was
eighth captain for the eighth month was Civic I the huge effect of the Czar
Civic I the huge effect of the Czar
Civic I the huge effect of the Czar hides in his division were 24,000 the
hides in his division were 24,000 the
hides in his division were 24,000 the ninth captain for the ninth month was a
ninth captain for the ninth month was a
ninth captain for the ninth month was a by either the anetha fight of the
by either the anetha fight of the
by either the anetha fight of the Benjamites in his division were 24,000
Benjamites in his division were 24,000
Benjamites in his division were 24,000 to 10th captain for the 10th month was
to 10th captain for the 10th month was
to 10th captain for the 10th month was mihari hi
mihari hi
mihari hi the net effect of the Czar hides in his
the net effect of the Czar hides in his
the net effect of the Czar hides in his divisions were 24,000 the 11th captain
divisions were 24,000 the 11th captain
divisions were 24,000 the 11th captain for the eleventh month was benaiah the
for the eleventh month was benaiah the
for the eleventh month was benaiah the paraffin eyes of the children of Ephraim
paraffin eyes of the children of Ephraim
paraffin eyes of the children of Ephraim in his division were 24,000 the twelfth
in his division were 24,000 the twelfth
in his division were 24,000 the twelfth captain for the twelfth month was held
captain for the twelfth month was held
captain for the twelfth month was held at the net effect of Earth neo in his
at the net effect of Earth neo in his
at the net effect of Earth neo in his division were 24,000 forevermore over
division were 24,000 forevermore over
division were 24,000 forevermore over the tribes of Israel the officer over
the tribes of Israel the officer over
the tribes of Israel the officer over the rubra Knights was Eleazar the son of
the rubra Knights was Eleazar the son of
the rubra Knights was Eleazar the son of Zechariah over the Samia Knights Chef
Zechariah over the Samia Knights Chef
Zechariah over the Samia Knights Chef attire the son of may occur over the
attire the son of may occur over the
attire the son of may occur over the Levites hash abaya the son of camera
Levites hash abaya the son of camera
Levites hash abaya the son of camera over the arenites Zadok over Judah alai
over the arenites Zadok over Judah alai
over the arenites Zadok over Judah alai Hugh one of David's brothers over essica
Hugh one of David's brothers over essica
Hugh one of David's brothers over essica Umrah the son of Michael
Umrah the son of Michael
Umrah the son of Michael / Zebulon ich Maya the son of Obadiah /
/ Zebulon ich Maya the son of Obadiah /
/ Zebulon ich Maya the son of Obadiah / NAFTA lie Jerry Mothe the son of Israel
NAFTA lie Jerry Mothe the son of Israel
NAFTA lie Jerry Mothe the son of Israel over the children of Ephraim who shear
over the children of Ephraim who shear
over the children of Ephraim who shear the sanam desire over the half tribe of
the sanam desire over the half tribe of
the sanam desire over the half tribe of manasseh joelle the son of the die over
manasseh joelle the son of the die over
manasseh joelle the son of the die over the half tribe of Manasseh in Gilead IDO
the half tribe of Manasseh in Gilead IDO
the half tribe of Manasseh in Gilead IDO the son of Zechariah / Benjamin J SEL
the son of Zechariah / Benjamin J SEL
the son of Zechariah / Benjamin J SEL the son of AB nur over Dan as arel the
the son of AB nur over Dan as arel the
the son of AB nur over Dan as arel the son of Jerome these were the leaders of
son of Jerome these were the leaders of
son of Jerome these were the leaders of the tribes of Israel but David did not
the tribes of Israel but David did not
the tribes of Israel but David did not take the number of those twenty years
take the number of those twenty years
take the number of those twenty years old and under because the Lord had said
old and under because the Lord had said
old and under because the Lord had said he would multiply Israel like the stars
he would multiply Israel like the stars
he would multiply Israel like the stars of the heavens Joab the son of suryya
of the heavens Joab the son of suryya
of the heavens Joab the son of suryya began a census but he did not finish for
began a census but he did not finish for
began a census but he did not finish for ruff came upon Israel because of this
ruff came upon Israel because of this
ruff came upon Israel because of this census or was the number recorded in the
census or was the number recorded in the
census or was the number recorded in the account of the Chronicles of King David
account of the Chronicles of King David
account of the Chronicles of King David and as Mavis the son of a deal was over
and as Mavis the son of a deal was over
and as Mavis the son of a deal was over the Kings Treasuries and johanna 'then
the Kings Treasuries and johanna 'then
the Kings Treasuries and johanna 'then the son of isaiah was over the
the son of isaiah was over the
the son of isaiah was over the storehouses in the field in the cities
storehouses in the field in the cities
storehouses in the field in the cities in the villages and in the fortresses
in the villages and in the fortresses
in the villages and in the fortresses Ezra the son of Caleb was over those who
Ezra the son of Caleb was over those who
Ezra the son of Caleb was over those who did the work of the field for tilling
did the work of the field for tilling
did the work of the field for tilling the ground and shimmy I the Rhema fight
the ground and shimmy I the Rhema fight
the ground and shimmy I the Rhema fight was over the vineyards and Zab died the
was over the vineyards and Zab died the
was over the vineyards and Zab died the shift light was over the produce of the
shift light was over the produce of the
shift light was over the produce of the vineyards for the supply of why Bale
vineyards for the supply of why Bale
vineyards for the supply of why Bale hainan the giddy right was over the
hainan the giddy right was over the
hainan the giddy right was over the olive trees and the sycamore trees that
olive trees and the sycamore trees that
olive trees and the sycamore trees that were in the lowlands and joash was over
were in the lowlands and joash was over
were in the lowlands and joash was over the store of oil and reaiiy the
the store of oil and reaiiy the
the store of oil and reaiiy the shara night was over the herds that fed
shara night was over the herds that fed
shara night was over the herds that fed in Sharon
in Sharon
in Sharon and Schaefer the son of AD lie was over
and Schaefer the son of AD lie was over
and Schaefer the son of AD lie was over the herds that were in the valleys Oh
the herds that were in the valleys Oh
the herds that were in the valleys Oh bill the Ishmaelite was over the camels
bill the Ishmaelite was over the camels
bill the Ishmaelite was over the camels Judea the Marana fight was over the
Judea the Marana fight was over the
Judea the Marana fight was over the donkeys and Jace's a hag right was over
donkeys and Jace's a hag right was over
donkeys and Jace's a hag right was over the flux all these were the officials
the flux all these were the officials
the flux all these were the officials over King David's property also Jonathan
over King David's property also Jonathan
over King David's property also Jonathan David's uncle was a counselor a wise man
David's uncle was a counselor a wise man
David's uncle was a counselor a wise man and described and Jehiel the son of hack
and described and Jehiel the son of hack
and described and Jehiel the son of hack Mona was with the king's sons a hither
Mona was with the king's sons a hither
Mona was with the king's sons a hither fell was the king's councillor and Hugh
fell was the king's councillor and Hugh
fell was the king's councillor and Hugh shy the archite was the king's companion
shy the archite was the king's companion
shy the archite was the king's companion after a hither phil was jehoiada the son
after a hither phil was jehoiada the son
after a hither phil was jehoiada the son of benaiah then abathur and the general
of benaiah then abathur and the general
of benaiah then abathur and the general of the king's army was Joe